1. The success is the only end. 
2. you already know what to do its just that you are not doing it, you are not taking enough actions Mukul.
3. greatness : an idea a vision for direction of the life. 
4. Be the change you wish to see.
5. Stay hungry, stay foolish.
6. Keep grinding every day.
7. Work in silence, let success make noise.
8. Consistency beats talent every time.
9. HEHEHEHHEHEHHEHEH ; kadi kadi hass bhi liya kro yaaraa. 
10 Kaam krne pr dhyaan de bhai. 
11. Frustration k uss paar hee hai bhai Final Stage. From Frustration and fuck ups to first and at final stage. So don't worry to have many failures. just another F :p
12. Dekh online internet money bnana mumkin hai bss tujhe shi cheez pakadni hai aur shi tareeke se krna hai. 
13. Life has so many pieces jinhe tumhe arrange Krna hai aur upgrade krna hai but ab maje ki baat ye hai ki tumhara raasta unn pieces ko move krne liye jo hai vo ek maze hai.
14. Position urself right and kick start off the things and ensure their upgradation. And then colonize them and their integration/ synchronisation will become a better thing.
15. Success comes to those who even at the bottom are ready to risk it all and then not tensioning about the return and then they just act or do the their thing. Aisa krne se ek cheez ye hoti hai ki tum jb universe k canvas mai apni chinta Krna chod dete ho tb firr universe ye jimma khudke haatho mai le leta hai aur baaki aage ka sb kuch khudke haatho Mai le leta hai. And provides you with what all you want. 
16. What if someone could give you money to study hard and work brutally all in and out in 100s of hours every week, then would you do it ?? umm... maybe not or maybe yes, but what is that someone is future you ?? The current you is going to build it and the future you will reap the fruits of it and will eventually remember this, current you, and will thank you for being you. 
17. Look the ability to do it again tmrw is something which will reward you like nothing else could. 
18. Try reducing the time taken to realizing of an opportunity to acting upon it. 